IBX-5222: Work with drafts (#298)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/content_management/content_versions.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about content item versions and the Autosave feature.
month_change: true
```

To do it, [disable the Focus mode](../getting_started/discover_ui.md#disable-focus-mode), and go to this content item's **Versions** tab.

![All versions of a content item](img/content_item_versions.png "All versions of a content item")

### Published version

Published version is the version that is currently presented to the visitors.
Every content item can have only one published version at a time.

### Archived versions

Whenever you edit and publish a content item again, its previous published version becomes an archived version.
It is not available to the visitors and you cannot edit it, but you can create new drafts based on any archived version.

### Drafts

Drafts are versions that have not been published yet.
There can be many drafts of the same content item.
Drafts can be created in many ways, including:

- by the [autosave](#autosave) feature
- by reviewers, as part of the [editorial workflow](workflow_management/editorial_workflow.md)
- by editors, when they save a content item while editing it or close a content item's editing screen after making changes, but without publishing them

#### Draft conflicts

> Drafts of the same content item that originate from different sources can contain conflicting changes.

Author: ```suggestion
If several drafts exist of the same content item, for example, created by different users or as a result of different processes, they can contain conflicting changes.
```
